onchain-development anchor-cpi updated (#394)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/courses/onchain-development/anchor-cpi.md

#### CPI accounts

One of the key features of `CpiContext` is that the `accounts` argument is
generic, allowing you to pass in any object that implements the `ToAccountMetas`
and `ToAccountInfos<'info>` traits.

> These traits are added by the `#[derive(Accounts)]` attribute macro you've used
> before for instruction accounts. This means you can use similar structs with
> `CpiContext`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These traits are added by the `#[derive(Accounts)]` attribute macro you've used
before, to specify the accounts required by your instruction handlers. You can use also use `#[derive(Accounts)]` structs with
`CpiContext`.
```

Does that sound accurate?

This helps with code organization and type safety.

> #### Invoke an instruction on another Anchor program

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Invoke an instruction handler on another Anchor program
```

See https://github.com/solana-foundation/developer-content/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#prose

By adding `features = ["cpi"]`, you enable the `cpi` feature and your program
gains access to the `callee::cpi` module.

The `cpi` module turns `callee`'s instructions into Rust functions. These
functions take a `CpiContext` and any extra data needed for the instruction.
They work just like the instruction functions in your Anchor programs, but use
`CpiContext` instead of `Context`. The `cpi` module also provides the account

> structs needed for these instructions.

Reviewer: *much* clearer. Good work. 
```suggestion
structs needed for these instruction handler.
```

   similar pattern if you decide to use an accounts struct and `CpiContext` to
   organize and prepare your CPI.
   ```rust
   pub fn mint_to<'info>(

>        ctx: CpiContext<'_, '_, '_, 'info, MintTo<'info>>,

Reviewer: I know these are unused, but can we name them anyway?

> '_foo, '_bar, '_baz'

But using whatever names CpiContext uses?

Author: sure ig, sounds fine

       amount: u64,
   ) -> Result<()> {

>        let ix = spl_token::instruction::mint_to(

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       let instruction_handler = spl_token::instruction::mint_to(
```

Reviewer: Use full names. See https://github.com/solana-foundation/developer-content/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#code

        seeds=[title.as_bytes(), initializer.key().as_ref()],
        bump,
        payer = initializer,

>         space = (DISCRIMINATOR as usize) + MovieAccountState::INIT_SPACE

Reviewer: just make DISCRIMINATOR a usize, no need to coerce it.
